have you ever wanted to capture your
steam deck or your mobile gameplay but
you don't want to compromise on
performance well a media sponsored this
short to show you guys the a media
extrao GC 515 and it might just be the
device for you just give it some power
add an SD card plug in your console and
you're good to go it features pass
through Power for charging your device
HDMI 2.0 for connecting a bigger screen
5 USB ports total for connecting your
peripherals a headphone jack and of
course a Micro SD slot for all the extra
storage but that SD card slot has a
little trick just flick the switch on
the back hit the button here and now
you're recording your mobile device
directly to the micro SD card without
the need for a computer it supports
1080p 120 FPS recording and up to 4K 60
FPS pass through as long as your mobile
battle station can actually drive that
resolution at $200 this little guy packs
quite a punch and it'll make a great
addition to any backpack